Galbadia Hotel = More Video Game Music/Art Than You Can Handle!
Published on March 13, 2006.
Via Kotaku , I discovered what seems to be the biggest stash of nerd-centric video game paraphernalia this side of the Pacific!
Galbadia Hotel has it all: MP3s, MIDI, Sheet Music, Artbooks, even freaking commercials!
And some are really old and cool!
I was going to go somewhere for Spring Break, but it appears I’ll be plastered to my computer downloading MP3s and whatnot.
I always wanted to know how to play “Suteki da Ne” on the piano…
If you don’t believe me that they have everything: They have the freakin’ Ducktales (NES) Original Soundtrack!
Don’t tell me you weren’t looking for that!
Now, if I had to guess the legality of this awesome site, I’d have to say it’s entirely illegal!
But I’m not hosting this crap, they are!
So for now, enjoy the wonders of Galbadia Hotel and all they offer.
You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave!
Nor will you ever want to.